docs/content/docs/components/color-picker.mdx, before:

---
title: ColorPicker
description: A complete color picker component with hue, saturation, and alpha controls
---

import { BasicColorPickerExample
 } from '../../../components/ColorPickerExample';
import { Tab, Tabs } from 'fumadocs-ui/components/tabs';

## Features

- **Compound Components**: Modular design with sub-components
- **Eye Dropper**: Built-in screen color picker (where supported)
- **Touch & Mouse Support**: Works on all devices
- **Color Formats**: Supports hex, rgb, rgba, hsl, hsla, hsv, hsva

## Basic Usage

<Tabs items={['Preview', 'Code', 'Code without hook']}>
  <Tab value="Preview">
    <BasicColorPickerExample />
  </Tab>
  
  <Tab value="Code">
    ```tsx
import { ColorPicker, useColorState } from 'react-beautiful-color';
import { Pipette } from 'lucide-react';

export function BasicColorPickerExample() {
  const [{ colorInput, colorState }, setColor] = useColorState({ type: 'hex', value: '#ff6b9d' });

  return (
    <div className="flex w-full items-center justify-center py-10">
      <ColorPicker
          color={colorInput}
          onChange={setColor}
          className="border-fd-border rounded-2xl border bg-white shadow-lg dark:bg-black/200"
      >
        <ColorPicker.Saturation className="mb-3 flex-1" />
          <div className="flex items-center gap-3 p-3 pt-0">
            <ColorPicker.EyeDropper className="hover:bg-black/10 dark:hover:bg-white/10">
              <Pipette
                size={20}
                className="dark:text-white"
              />
            </ColorPicker.EyeDropper>
              <div className="flex flex-1 flex-col gap-3">
                <ColorPicker.Hue className="h-4" />
                <ColorPicker.Alpha className="h-4" />
              </div>
          </div>
      </ColorPicker>

      <div className="mt-20 ml-8 flex min-w-64 flex-col">
        <div className="bg-card mb-4 rounded-lg border p-4">
          <h4 className="text-card-foreground mb-3 text-sm font-semibold">Color Values</h4>
          <div className="space-y-3">
            <div className="flex items-center justify-between">
              <span className="text-muted-foreground text-sm font-medium">HEX</span>
              <code className="bg-muted rounded px-2 py-1 font-mono text-sm">{colorState.hex}</code>
            </div>
            <div className="flex items-center justify-between">
              <span className="text-muted-foreground text-sm font-medium">RGB</span>
              <code className="bg-muted rounded px-2 py-1 font-mono text-sm">
                {colorState.rgb.r}, {colorState.rgb.g}, {colorState.rgb.b}
              </code>
            </div>
            <div className="flex items-center justify-between">
              <span className="text-muted-foreground text-sm font-medium">HSL</span>
              <code className="bg-muted rounded px-2 py-1 font-mono text-sm">
                {colorState.hsl.h}°, {colorState.hsl.s}%, {colorState.hsl.l}%
              </code>
            </div>
            <div className="flex items-center justify-between">
              <span className="text-muted-foreground text-sm font-medium">HSV</span>
              <code className="bg-muted rounded px-2 py-1 font-mono text-sm">
                {colorState.hsv.h}°, {colorState.hsv.s}%, {colorState.hsv.v}%
              </code>
            </div>
            <div className="flex items-center justify-between">
              <span className="text-muted-foreground text-sm font-medium">Alpha</span>
              <code className="bg-muted rounded px-2 py-1 font-mono text-sm">{Math.round(colorState.alpha * 100)}%</code>
            </div>
          </div>
        </div>

        <div className="flex items-center justify-center">
          <div
            className="border-border h-16 w-32 rounded-lg border-2 shadow-sm"
            style={{
              backgroundColor: 'rgba(' + colorState.rgb.r + ', ' + colorState.rgb.g + ', ' + colorState.rgb.b + ', ' + colorState.alpha + ')',
              ...(colorState.alpha < 1 && {
                backgroundImage:
                  'url(\'data:image/svg+xml,<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="16" height="16" fill-opacity=".1"><rect x="8" width="8" height="8"/><rect y="8" width="8" height="8"/></svg>\')',
                backgroundSize: '16px 16px',
              }),
            }}
          />
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  );
}
    ```
  </Tab>

  <Tab value='Code without hook'>
    ```tsx
import { ColorPicker, Color } from 'react-beautiful-color';
import { Pipette } from 'lucide-react';

export function BasicColorPickerExampleUseState() {
        const [color, setColor] = useState(new Color({ type: 'hex', value: '#ff6b9d' }));

        const rgba = color.getRgba();
        const hex = color.getHex();
        const hsl = color.getHsl();
        const hsv = color.getHsv();

        return (
            <div className="flex w-full items-center justify-center py-10">
                <ColorPicker
                    color={color}
                    onChange={setColor}
                    className="border-fd-border rounded-2xl border bg-white shadow-lg dark:bg-black/200"
                >
                    <ColorPicker.Saturation className="mb-3 flex-1" />

                    <div className="flex items-center gap-3 p-3 pt-0">
                        <ColorPicker.EyeDropper className="hover:bg-black/10 dark:hover:bg-white/10">
                            <Pipette
                            size={20}
                            className="dark:text-white"
                            />
                        </ColorPicker.EyeDropper>

                        <div className="flex flex-1 flex-col gap-3">
                            <ColorPicker.Hue className="h-4" />
                            <ColorPicker.Alpha className="h-4" />
                        </div>
                    </div>
                </ColorPicker>

                <div className="mt-20 ml-8 flex min-w-64 flex-col">
                    <div className="bg-card mb-4 rounded-lg border p-4">
                        <h4 className="text-card-foreground mb-3 text-sm font-semibold">Color Values</h4>
                        <div className="space-y-3">
                            <div className="flex items-center justify-between">
                                <span className="text-muted-foreground text-sm font-medium">HEX</span>
                                <code className="bg-muted rounded px-2 py-1 font-mono text-sm">{hex}</code>
                            </div>
                            <div className="flex items-center justify-between">
                                <span className="text-muted-foreground text-sm font-medium">RGB</span>
                                <code className="bg-muted rounded px-2 py-1 font-mono text-sm">
                                {rgba.r}, {rgba.g}, {rgba.b}
                            </code>
                            </div>
                                <div className="flex items-center justify-between">
                                <span className="text-muted-foreground text-sm font-medium">HSL</span>
                                <code className="bg-muted rounded px-2 py-1 font-mono text-sm">
                                {hsl.h}°, {hsl.s}%, {hsl.l}%
                            </code>
                            </div>
                                <div className="flex items-center justify-between">
                                <span className="text-muted-foreground text-sm font-medium">HSV</span>
                                <code className="bg-muted rounded px-2 py-1 font-mono text-sm">
                                {hsv.h}°, {hsv.s}%, {hsv.v}%
                            </code>
                            </div>
                                <div className="flex items-center justify-between">
                                <span className="text-muted-foreground text-sm font-medium">Alpha</span>
                                <code className="bg-muted rounded px-2 py-1 font-mono text-sm">{Math.round(rgba.a * 100)}%</code>
                            </div>
                        </div>
                    </div>

                    <div className="flex items-center justify-center">
                        <div
                            className="border-border h-16 w-32 rounded-lg border-2 shadow-sm"
                            style={{
                            backgroundColor: 'rgba(' + rgba.r + ', ' + rgba.g + ', ' + rgba.b + ', ' + rgba.a + ')',
                            ...(rgba.a < 1 && {
                                backgroundImage:
                                'url(\'data:image/svg+xml,<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="16" height="16" fill-opacity=".1"><rect x="8" width="8" height="8"/><rect y="8" width="8" height="8"/></svg>\')',
                                backgroundSize: '16px 16px',
                            }),
                            }}
                        />
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        );
}
  ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

## Props

| Prop | Type | Default | Description |
|------|------|---------|-------------|
| `defaultColor` | [ColorInput](/docs/components/color-picker#color-input-format) \| [Color](/docs/utils#color-class) | - | Initial color value |
| `color` | [ColorInput](/docs/components/color-picker#color-input-format) \| [Color](/docs/utils#color-class) | - | Color value |
| `onChange` | `(color: Color) => void` | - | Callback fired when color changes |
| `className` | `string` | - | Additional CSS classes |

## Color Input Format

The `ColorInput` type supports multiple color formats:

<Tabs items={['Hex', 'RGB/RGBA', 'HSL/HSLA', 'HSV/HSVA']}>
  <Tab value="Hex">
    ```tsx
    // Hex color input
    const hexColor = { type: 'hex', value: '#ff6b9d' };
    ```
  </Tab>
  
  <Tab value="RGB/RGBA">
    ```tsx
    // RGB color input
    const rgbColor = { type: 'rgb', r: 255, g: 107, b: 157 };
    
    // RGBA color input (with alpha)
    const rgbaColor = { type: 'rgba', r: 255, g: 107, b: 157, a: 0.8 };
    ```
  </Tab>
  
  <Tab value="HSL/HSLA">
    ```tsx
    // HSL color input
    const hslColor = { type: 'hsl', h: 334, s: 100, l: 71 };
    
    // HSLA color input (with alpha)
    const hslaColor = { type: 'hsla', h: 334, s: 100, l: 71, a: 0.8 };
    ```
  </Tab>
  
  <Tab value="HSV/HSVA">
    ```tsx
    // HSV color input
    const hsvColor = { type: 'hsv', h: 334, s: 58, v: 100 };
    
    // HSVA color input (with alpha)
    const hsvaColor = { type: 'hsva', h: 334, s: 58, v: 100, a: 0.8 };
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

## Sub-Components

### ColorPicker.Saturation

The saturation and brightness selection area.

```tsx
<ColorPicker.Saturation className="mb-3 flex-1" />
```

### ColorPicker.Hue

The hue selection slider.

```tsx
  <ColorPicker.Hue className="h-4" />
  ```

### ColorPicker.Alpha

The alpha/transparency selection slider.

```tsx
<ColorPicker.Alpha className="h-4" />
```

### ColorPicker.EyeDropper

Button to activate the browser's eye dropper tool.

```tsx
<ColorPicker.EyeDropper>
  {/* Icon content */}
</ColorPicker.EyeDropper>
```

Commit message:

fix eyedropper hydration
only show the eyedropper button if the browser supports it.

docs/content/docs/components/color-picker.mdx, after:

---
title: ColorPicker
description: A complete color picker component with hue, saturation, and alpha controls
---

import { BasicColorPickerExample
 } from '../../../components/ColorPickerExample';
import { Tab, Tabs } from 'fumadocs-ui/components/tabs';

## Features

- **Compound Components**: Modular design with sub-components
- **Eye Dropper**: Built-in screen color picker (where supported)
- **Touch & Mouse Support**: Works on all devices
- **Color Formats**: Supports hex, rgb, rgba, hsl, hsla, hsv, hsva

## Basic Usage

<Tabs items={['Preview', 'Code', 'Code without hook']}>
  <Tab value="Preview">
    <BasicColorPickerExample />
  </Tab>
  
  <Tab value="Code">
    ```tsx
import { ColorPicker, useColorState } from 'react-beautiful-color';
import { Pipette } from 'lucide-react';

export function BasicColorPickerExample() {
  const [{ colorInput, colorState }, setColor] = useColorState({ type: 'hex', value: '#ff6b9d' });

  return (
    <div className="flex w-full items-center justify-center py-10">
      <ColorPicker
          color={colorInput}
          onChange={setColor}
          className="border-fd-border rounded-2xl border bg-white shadow-lg dark:bg-black/200"
      >
        <ColorPicker.Saturation className="mb-3 flex-1" />
          <div className="flex items-center gap-3 p-3 pt-0">
            <ColorPicker.EyeDropper className="hover:bg-black/10 dark:hover:bg-white/10">
              <Pipette
                size={20}
                className="dark:text-white"
              />
            </ColorPicker.EyeDropper>
              <div className="flex flex-1 flex-col gap-3">
                <ColorPicker.Hue className="h-4" />
                <ColorPicker.Alpha className="h-4" />
              </div>
          </div>
      </ColorPicker>

      <div className="mt-20 ml-8 flex min-w-64 flex-col">
        <div className="bg-card mb-4 rounded-lg border p-4">
          <h4 className="text-card-foreground mb-3 text-sm font-semibold">Color Values</h4>
          <div className="space-y-3">
            <div className="flex items-center justify-between">
              <span className="text-muted-foreground text-sm font-medium">HEX</span>
              <code className="bg-muted rounded px-2 py-1 font-mono text-sm">{colorState.hex}</code>
            </div>
            <div className="flex items-center justify-between">
              <span className="text-muted-foreground text-sm font-medium">RGB</span>
              <code className="bg-muted rounded px-2 py-1 font-mono text-sm">
                {colorState.rgb.r}, {colorState.rgb.g}, {colorState.rgb.b}
              </code>
            </div>
            <div className="flex items-center justify-between">
              <span className="text-muted-foreground text-sm font-medium">HSL</span>
              <code className="bg-muted rounded px-2 py-1 font-mono text-sm">
                {colorState.hsl.h}°, {colorState.hsl.s}%, {colorState.hsl.l}%
              </code>
            </div>
            <div className="flex items-center justify-between">
              <span className="text-muted-foreground text-sm font-medium">HSV</span>
              <code className="bg-muted rounded px-2 py-1 font-mono text-sm">
                {colorState.hsv.h}°, {colorState.hsv.s}%, {colorState.hsv.v}%
              </code>
            </div>
            <div className="flex items-center justify-between">
              <span className="text-muted-foreground text-sm font-medium">Alpha</span>
              <code className="bg-muted rounded px-2 py-1 font-mono text-sm">{Math.round(colorState.alpha * 100)}%</code>
            </div>
          </div>
        </div>

        <div className="flex items-center justify-center">
          <div
            className="border-border h-16 w-32 rounded-lg border-2 shadow-sm"
            style={{
              backgroundColor: 'rgba(' + colorState.rgb.r + ', ' + colorState.rgb.g + ', ' + colorState.rgb.b + ', ' + colorState.alpha + ')',
              ...(colorState.alpha < 1 && {
                backgroundImage:
                  'url(\'data:image/svg+xml,<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="16" height="16" fill-opacity=".1"><rect x="8" width="8" height="8"/><rect y="8" width="8" height="8"/></svg>\')',
                backgroundSize: '16px 16px',
              }),
            }}
          />
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  );
}
    ```
  </Tab>

  <Tab value='Code without hook'>
    ```tsx
import { ColorPicker, Color } from 'react-beautiful-color';
import { Pipette } from 'lucide-react';

export function BasicColorPickerExampleUseState() {
        const [color, setColor] = useState(new Color({ type: 'hex', value: '#ff6b9d' }));

        const rgba = color.getRgba();
        const hex = color.getHex();
        const hsl = color.getHsl();
        const hsv = color.getHsv();

        return (
            <div className="flex w-full items-center justify-center py-10">
                <ColorPicker
                    color={color}
                    onChange={setColor}
                    className="border-fd-border rounded-2xl border bg-white shadow-lg dark:bg-black/200"
                >
                    <ColorPicker.Saturation className="mb-3 flex-1" />

                    <div className="flex items-center gap-3 p-3 pt-0">
                        <ColorPicker.EyeDropper className="hover:bg-black/10 dark:hover:bg-white/10">
                            <Pipette
                            size={20}
                            className="dark:text-white"
                            />
                        </ColorPicker.EyeDropper>

                        <div className="flex flex-1 flex-col gap-3">
                            <ColorPicker.Hue className="h-4" />
                            <ColorPicker.Alpha className="h-4" />
                        </div>
                    </div>
                </ColorPicker>

                <div className="mt-20 ml-8 flex min-w-64 flex-col">
                    <div className="bg-card mb-4 rounded-lg border p-4">
                        <h4 className="text-card-foreground mb-3 text-sm font-semibold">Color Values</h4>
                        <div className="space-y-3">
                            <div className="flex items-center justify-between">
                                <span className="text-muted-foreground text-sm font-medium">HEX</span>
                                <code className="bg-muted rounded px-2 py-1 font-mono text-sm">{hex}</code>
                            </div>
                            <div className="flex items-center justify-between">
                                <span className="text-muted-foreground text-sm font-medium">RGB</span>
                                <code className="bg-muted rounded px-2 py-1 font-mono text-sm">
                                {rgba.r}, {rgba.g}, {rgba.b}
                            </code>
                            </div>
                                <div className="flex items-center justify-between">
                                <span className="text-muted-foreground text-sm font-medium">HSL</span>
                                <code className="bg-muted rounded px-2 py-1 font-mono text-sm">
                                {hsl.h}°, {hsl.s}%, {hsl.l}%
                            </code>
                            </div>
                                <div className="flex items-center justify-between">
                                <span className="text-muted-foreground text-sm font-medium">HSV</span>
                                <code className="bg-muted rounded px-2 py-1 font-mono text-sm">
                                {hsv.h}°, {hsv.s}%, {hsv.v}%
                            </code>
                            </div>
                                <div className="flex items-center justify-between">
                                <span className="text-muted-foreground text-sm font-medium">Alpha</span>
                                <code className="bg-muted rounded px-2 py-1 font-mono text-sm">{Math.round(rgba.a * 100)}%</code>
                            </div>
                        </div>
                    </div>

                    <div className="flex items-center justify-center">
                        <div
                            className="border-border h-16 w-32 rounded-lg border-2 shadow-sm"
                            style={{
                            backgroundColor: 'rgba(' + rgba.r + ', ' + rgba.g + ', ' + rgba.b + ', ' + rgba.a + ')',
                            ...(rgba.a < 1 && {
                                backgroundImage:
                                'url(\'data:image/svg+xml,<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="16" height="16" fill-opacity=".1"><rect x="8" width="8" height="8"/><rect y="8" width="8" height="8"/></svg>\')',
                                backgroundSize: '16px 16px',
                            }),
                            }}
                        />
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        );
}
  ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

## Props

| Prop | Type | Default | Description |
|------|------|---------|-------------|
| `defaultColor` | [ColorInput](/docs/components/color-picker#color-input-format) \| [Color](/docs/utils#color-class) | - | Initial color value |
| `color` | [ColorInput](/docs/components/color-picker#color-input-format) \| [Color](/docs/utils#color-class) | - | Color value |
| `onChange` | `(color: Color) => void` | - | Callback fired when color changes |
| `className` | `string` | - | Additional CSS classes |

## Color Input Format

The `ColorInput` type supports multiple color formats:

<Tabs items={['Hex', 'RGB/RGBA', 'HSL/HSLA', 'HSV/HSVA']}>
  <Tab value="Hex">
    ```tsx
    // Hex color input
    const hexColor = { type: 'hex', value: '#ff6b9d' };
    ```
  </Tab>
  
  <Tab value="RGB/RGBA">
    ```tsx
    // RGB color input
    const rgbColor = { type: 'rgb', r: 255, g: 107, b: 157 };
    
    // RGBA color input (with alpha)
    const rgbaColor = { type: 'rgba', r: 255, g: 107, b: 157, a: 0.8 };
    ```
  </Tab>
  
  <Tab value="HSL/HSLA">
    ```tsx
    // HSL color input
    const hslColor = { type: 'hsl', h: 334, s: 100, l: 71 };
    
    // HSLA color input (with alpha)
    const hslaColor = { type: 'hsla', h: 334, s: 100, l: 71, a: 0.8 };
    ```
  </Tab>
  
  <Tab value="HSV/HSVA">
    ```tsx
    // HSV color input
    const hsvColor = { type: 'hsv', h: 334, s: 58, v: 100 };
    
    // HSVA color input (with alpha)
    const hsvaColor = { type: 'hsva', h: 334, s: 58, v: 100, a: 0.8 };
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

## Sub-Components

### ColorPicker.Saturation

The saturation and brightness selection area.

```tsx
<ColorPicker.Saturation className="mb-3 flex-1" />
```

### ColorPicker.Hue

The hue selection slider.

```tsx
  <ColorPicker.Hue className="h-4" />
  ```

### ColorPicker.Alpha

The alpha/transparency selection slider.

```tsx
<ColorPicker.Alpha className="h-4" />
```

### ColorPicker.EyeDropper

Button to activate the browser's eye dropper tool. The button is not rendered if the user's browser doesn't support it.

```tsx
<ColorPicker.EyeDropper>
  {/* Icon content */}
</ColorPicker.EyeDropper>
```
